= DESCRIPTION:

Downloads and unzips the CloudStack installation files, and provides tools for setting up a Single Node Management Server or installing the CloudStack agent on an infrastructure node.

Currently this cookbook is geared toward installing a single node (all in one) Management Server.  Later enhancements should include installation of the CloudStack agent and other Management Server configurations.

= REQUIREMENTS:

Currently assumes that MySQL is already installed and configured.  This is intended to be used as additional recipes on a cloned version of the RightScale MySQL Database Manager - (http://www.rightscale.com/library/server_templates/Database-Manager-for-MySQL-5-1/31819) ServerTemplate.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* `node[:cloudstack][:package_url]` - The Download URL for the CloudStack package, defaults to "http://sourceforge.net/projects/cloudstack/files/Cloudstack%202.2/2.2.13/CloudStack-2.2.13-1-rhel5.tar.gz".
* `node[:cloudstack][:install_dir]` - The directory where the CloudStack package will be uzipped

= RECIPES:

= USAGE:

* Place cloudstack::install_cloudstack into your runlist to download and unzip the CloudStack installation files
* Place cloudstack::setup_management_server into your runlist to configure the CloudStack Management Server in a single node configuration (Requires MySQL preinstalled per REQUIREMENTS above).

== Single-Node Management Server
* Include the following recipes in your runlist (or RightScale "boot" phase in ServerTemplate)
  * db::default
  * db_mysql::default
  * db::install_client
  * db::install_server
  * db::setup_privileges_admin
  * db::setup_privileges_application
  * db::setup_monitoring
  * openvpn::default
  * cloudstack::setup_single_node_management_server
* Make sure to set the following attributes
  * cloudstack/csmanage/vpn/local = env:PRIVATE_IP
* Fetch the OpenVPN Client configuration and keys thusly
  * scp root@<ip of management server>:/etc/openvpn/keys/remote.tar.gz .
* Connect your network to the management server OpenVPN server using the client config downloaded in the previous step
* Complete configuration of your CloudStack managed private cloud by going to http://<ip or hostname of instance>:8080/client


= TODO:

* Create a recipe for setting up a management server in a multi node configuration
* Create a recipe for installing the CloudStack agent
* Self sign an SSL cert and protect the endpoint in single-node configuration

= LICENSE AND AUTHOR:

Author:: Ryan J. Geyer <me@ryangeyer.com>

Copyright 2012 Ryan J. Geyer
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.