= DESCRIPTION:
Makes a cron_job resource available for scheduling or deleting cron jobs.  This assumes a Debian/Ubuntu OS running anacron and the /etc/cron.(hourly|daily|weekly|monthly) directories

= REQUIREMENTS:
== Platform:
Debian/Ubuntu OS.  Built for, and tested on Ubuntu 10.10

= RESOURCES AND PROVIDERS
Just one LWRP[http://wiki.opscode.com/display/chef/Lightweight+Resources+and+Providers+(LWRP)] named +cron_job+ which is used to schedule or delete cron jobs.  The resource supports two actions.
* +schedule+ - Schedules the job for the specified frequency using the specified template
* +delete+ - Removes the job from the specified frequency

The applicable parameters for the resource are (Required parameters are in bold):
* <b><tt>name</tt></b> - The name of the cron job.  Can not contain spaces or periods. Defaults to the resource name.
* <b><tt>template</tt></b> - The *.erb template that will be merged into a script which will be executed by cron.  This parameter is only required for the +schedule+ action.
* <b><tt>frequency</tt></b> - How frequently the job will be run, one of ["hourly","daily","weekly","monthly"]
* +params+ - A hash of parameters to be passed to the template for merge

For examples, see the USAGE section below.

= ATTRIBUTES:
N/A

= USAGE:

To schedule a job named "foo" to run daily:

  cron_job "foo" do
    template "foo.erb"
    frequency "daily"
    action :schedule
  end

To delete the "foo" job from running daily:

  cron_job "foo" do
    frequency "daily"
    action :delete
  end

To schedule a job named "bar" weekly, with a script that requires some custom parameters:

  cron_job "bar" do
    template "bar.erb"
    frequency "weekly"
    params "param1" => "value1", "param2" => "value2"
    action :schedule
  end

Where bar.erb looks like:

  #!/bin/sh
  echo "First parameter is set to: <%= @params["param1"] %>"
  echo "Second parameter is set to: <%= @params["param2"] %>"